December 2007 : Update gda backend for libgda3-3.
	Implement pkg-config qof.pc file for libqof2.
	Support building the GDA backend again but not by
	default.
	Implement testing for dynamic QofObject definitions
	and QofClass registrations.

December 2007 : Migrate to libgda3-3.
	Create the new sqlite_kvp table if not already present.
	Build library before backends.
	Remove Requires.private from pkg-config data as
	libxml2 is no longer needed, even for static. The
	XML backend is a GModule.
	Ensure libqofsql is linked against libglib2.0-0
	and libqof1 linked against libqofsql (when built).
	Remove need for perl. Add the --disable-gdasql configure
	option and tie it into --enable-embedded.
	0.7.3 release.

November 2007 : Make the sqlite backend build
	by default. Tidy up the embedded option to drop
	libgda and use internal SQL parsing.
	Remove intltool and glib-gettextize
	in favour of plain gettext.

September 2007 : SQlite backend fixes.
	Improve memory efficiency when preparing the SQL strings.
	KVP support in SQLite backend.

June 2007 : Migrated deprecated edit and commit macros and
	functions to parameter edit and parameter commit - i.e.
	each parameter of each object is committed upon change instead
	of waiting to commit the entire instance. This can increase
	backend workload, depending on how the parameters are set
	and updated.
	Removed ALL_LINGUAS in preference for po/LINGUAS to remove
	the need to edit configure.ac for translation additions.

December  2006: Bug fixes
	Removed some build macros that complicated
	cross-building. Improved speed of sqlite
	backend by reducing the number of operations that
	are passed back to sqlite. Fix sqlite error that
	resulted in spurious temporary files. Package the
	.pot file directly because the TP project is simply
	too slow to cope anymore. Fix doxygen support so that
	it can be disabled cleanly.
	Removed AM_MAINTAINER_MODE - unnecessary macro that
	complicates the build.
	New Brazilian Portuguese and Indonesian translations.

September 2006: KVP_TYPE_BOOLEAN support.

September 2006: Delays in libgda support.
	See backend/README for more information. The stable
	release of libgda is unable to fully support a QOF backend
	module and after the backporting and delays suffered
	within pilot-qof, I am unwilling to go chasing an unstable
	or CVS release. libgda support is therefore delayed.

September 2006: Extensible error handling.
	The backend errors have been extended into an extensible
	error handler that is available either through the
	backend or through the session (for applications). QofError
	is designed for user-friendly messages and supports setting
	errors and error messages on-the-fly to provide user error
	messages that are as detailed, relevant and helpful as possible.
	Programming output should still be logged with QofLog.

August 2006: The SQLite backend for embedded systems
	is now working.
	The gnc-numeric to QofNumeric transition is
	complete.
	Other bugfixes in 0.7.1 :
	QofDate and QofTime fixes to avoid using GDate except in explicit
		conversions (prevents build failures on hppa and sparc).
	Fix the QSF valgrind patch to avoid seg fault on writing QSF.
	Both these patches are already in the Debian package, 0.7.0-2.

July 2006: Implemented QofTime and QofDate throughout
	the rest of the library. Enabled configure option
	to build without deprecated code in preparation
	for libqof1 on embedded systems and for libqof2
	more generally: --disable-deprecated-qof

June 2006: Replaced gnc-date with QofTime and a new
	QofDate, splitting time handling (seconds) from
	date handling (calendar). Full 64bit support
	for all times and dates within a couple dozen
	times the age of the universe. Handlers to convert
	to limited types like struct tm, time_t and GDate
	when within range.

May 2006: Support for undo operations with each QofBook
	added. Beginning overhaul of gnc-date to QofTime.
	Add support from coreutils in Debian to support
	nanosecond time formats.
	Add automated build of Doxygen documentation to
	provide a doc package (Toshio's idea.)

April 2006:
	Add encoding backend option to allow QSF to
	be written out using a different locale.
	Improved map handling.
	Replace gnc-engine-util with qofutil.
	Move the function versions of the begin_edit
	and commit_edit routines to the new Utilities
	file alongside the macro versions from
	qof-be-utils.h

March 2006: Support iteration over incoming QSF objects
	inside map operations.
	Skip unregistered objects when processing maps.
	Correct map handling to allow reverse operations and
	iteration over hierarchical objects. Improving debug
	messages and preventing a crash when loading a map
	directly.
	David Hampton's patches to allow users to skip
	deprecated code in libqof1 and to remove use of
	config.h in a header.
	qof_book_merge replaced with qofbookmerge, structures
	and functions renamed according to libqof2 convention.
	Deprecated old versions and use new calls inside library.
	Standardise on gint and gchar.

February 2006: Replaced gnc-event.* with qofevent files,
	in line with naming conventions for libqof2.
	Corrected QOF_TYPE_COLLECT handling including
	references and new files: qofreference.c|.h
	Add error handler for files that cannot be opened.
	Derek Atkin's patch to improve error handler removal.
	Deprecating qof_log_set_level_global due to
	misleading name.
	Derek Atkin's fixes for reciprocal numeric handling.

January 2006: Backend loader now less reliant on .la
	files - still recommended. Added deprecated.c to
	preserve deprecated function names into the binary.

November 2005: Preparing 0.6.1 - 64bit patch for qofgobj.c,
	Fixed the INSERT handler to accept more than one value.
	Fixed the FSF addresses in each file.
  QOF for embedded systems support.

October 2005: Preparing for libqof1 final release and outlining
    how QOF will change in the future.

May 2005 : Tidying up calls to create a usable distribution
     for packaging.

March 2005 : Partial book support to make import/export
     a lot easier.

January 2005 : Add support for a generic XML backend - QSF.

August 2004 : add support for merging QofBook structures with
     collision handling.

April 2004 : make the documentation look much nicer by using doxygen
     markup correctly.

June 27 2003 : rename many files and functions to use qof prefix, and
     to use a gnome style naming convention.

June 16 2003 : Initial split-off from gnucash
